added until block in script examples (#1348)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/admin/automated-recovery.html.md

curl https://install.terraform.io/ptfe/stable | bash -s fast-timeouts

# Wait for replicated to start before proceeding

> until replicatedctl system status | grep -q -e '"Replicated": "ready",i' -e '"Retraced": "ready"'; do :
>   sleep 1;
>   echo "Replicated is not yet ready";
> done;
> echo 'Replicated is ready.'

Reviewer: Since the installation script already uses `jq` before this block of code, it might be better to use `jq` instead of `grep`. That way we're parsing JSON and not lines of text.

```suggestion
until [ "$(replicatedctl system status | jq '.Replicated == "ready" and .Retraced == "ready"')" == "true" ]; do
  sleep 1
  echo "Replicated is not ready."
done
echo "Replicated is ready."
```

Author: True.  If someone's having problems running this during a "high stress event" they really should be on the phone with our support anyways :)

> until replicatedctl system status | grep -q -e '"Replicated": "ready",i' -e '"Retraced": "ready"'; do :
>   sleep 1;
>   echo "Replicated is not yet ready";
> done;
> echo 'Replicated is ready.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
until replicatedctl system status --template '{{and (eq .Replicated "ready") (eq .Retraced "ready")}}' | grep -q true; do
  sleep 1
  echo "Replicated is not yet ready."
done
echo "Replicated is ready."
```

curl https://install.terraform.io/ptfe/stable | bash -s fast-timeouts

# Wait for replicated to start before proceeding

> until replicatedctl system status | grep -q -e '"Replicated": "ready",i' -e '"Retraced": "ready"'; do :
>   sleep 1;
>   echo "Replicated is not yet ready";
> done;
> echo 'Replicated is ready.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
until replicatedctl system status --template '{{and (eq .Replicated "ready") (eq .Retraced "ready")}}' | grep -q true; do
  sleep 1
  echo "Replicated is not yet ready."
done
echo "Replicated is ready."
```

curl https://install.terraform.io/ptfe/stable | bash -s fast-timeouts

# Wait for replicated to start before proceeding

> until replicatedctl system status | grep -q -e '"Replicated": "ready",i' -e '"Retraced": "ready"'; do :
>   sleep 1;
>   echo "Replicated is not yet ready";
> done;
> echo 'Replicated is ready.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
until replicatedctl system status --template '{{and (eq .Replicated "ready") (eq .Retraced "ready")}}' | grep -q true; do
  sleep 1
  echo "Replicated is not yet ready."
done
echo "Replicated is ready."
```
